[NARRATOR] Previously,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai,
Babidi and Majin Buu set
their sights on West City,
but Goku stalled them
with the awesome powers
of Super Saiyan Three.
[GOKU] Still no sign
of movement from Trunks.
What's taking so much time?
[TRUNKS]
Okay! Uuuh...
Hey, Mom was right; I found it!
Oh, how wonderful!
Good for you, sweetie.
You must be starving
after that. Come have a nosh.
How many ways
do I have to say it?
There's no time!
I gotta run! Bye!
[GOKU] Trunks' energy
is on the move again.
He's leaving West City,
which means he must've
finally found the Radar.
And that means
my work here is done.
Time to end this show.
Hey! Why you
turn back normal now?
Buu like you.
You fun to fight with.
We fight more now!
Goodbye.
You let him get away!
Because you were too busy
dawdling around to kill him!
You inept ignoramus!
Hey, did you hear
what I just said, bozo?
Come on, now! Go on,
get moving already, fatty!
[BUU grunts]
Guess what, Babidi?
Buu have a good idea just now.
Oh really? Somehow I
seriously doubt that.
But hurry up and tell it to me
anyway so we can move on.
[laughs]
Buu learn lots and lots
from you, Babidi.
But now,
Buu no need you no more.
You die, dummy!
[NARRATOR]
The destroyer of worlds
is off his leash! Now!
♪ Opening Song ♪
[NARRATOR] "Silly-Looking?
Drilling the Fusion Pose!"
Dad's back?
[chuckles]
Goku!
[GOTEN]
Super Saiyan Three kicked butt!
[GOKU]
chuckles
[PICCOLO] You holding up?
How you feeling?
Good!
Trunks got the Dragon Radar
and is heading back here.
So, things should calm down
a little for us now, right?
For the moment, yeah.
Having the Dragon Radar
means that even if
Buu destroys West City, we can
still bring everything back.
Including the people.
[BABIDI groans]
[BUU grunts]
Aaah!
Buu!
[chuckles]
Woo-hoo! Woo-hoo!
Buu squash! Go Buu!
Go Buu! Buu free! Buu!
--[GOKU] Hm?
--You okay?
What's up, Dad?
Goku. You seem bothered.
What's going on?
[GOKU]
Well, Buu's finally done it.
[PICCOLO]
Hm?
I felt him kill Babidi.
--What?
--You're serious?
Yeah. I feel it, too.
Babidi's energy has disappeared.
Babidi was cruel and
treated Buu like a slave.
Seems Buu finally had enough.
I suppose so.
This could be a good thing;
not having anyone in Buu's ear
ordering him around.
There's a chance without
Babidi Buu might decide
to ease off or even
stop his attacks altogether.
Yay! We've saved the earth
without any more fighting!
[chuckles]
Wishful thinking.
Violence is all Buu knows.
But until then, I need you
to lay off the destruction.
No more killing
innocent people, okay?
Just two days.
That's all I'm asking.
Can you give me that?
They be more strong like you?
Much stronger.
[BUU]
Huuuh...
Yay! Yay! Woo-hoo!
[laughs]
Buu!
Now Buu have fun!
What city should Buu
put in tummy for lunch!
I know, I know!
Buu gonna eat you!
[laughs]
[engine hums]
Ah!
No! I think it's him!
[BUU]
Hmmm.
[indistinct chatter]
[inhales]
[WOMAN 37A screams]
[BUU chuckles, inhales]
[PEOPLE screaming]
[laughs]
--[PEOPLE gasp]
--[BUU laughs]
[PEOPLE murmur]
[BUU]
Ready!
[can clinks]
[ALL gasping]
[can clinking]
--[BUU] Die!
--[PEOPLE scream]
[BUU laughs, grunts]
[PEOPLE scream]
[laughs]
[shrieks]
Don't hurt me!
Please! I have a child!
[shrieks]
I promise, I'll give you
anything you want!
Hey. You think
Buu handsome Majin?
Uh. Handsome?
You're a super cute dreamboat.
Great, then Buu
will smooch you!
[screams]
Hey! You lie to Buu?
[panting]
[BUU]
Hm. Hmmm?
[BUU] Ah, so this is image of
Earth girls' perfect boyfriend?
[BUU]
Blah-la-la-la-la!
[BUU, in low pitch voice]
All right! Smooch, now?
No! Go away!
I don't wanna make out!
[in low pitch voice]
Why you such a Buu tease?
[in normal voice]
Buu turn you to caramel!
[screams]
[BUU]
Mm. Ahhh.
Buu kills time waiting for
strong guys by killing!
[BUU laughs]
[yells]
Now Buu go find lots
more Earthlings to smash!
He's--He's a heartless monster.
[grunts] You were right
about wishful thinking.
[GOKU] Babidi was on a rampage
to cement his own power.
Buu will do it just for fun.
Damn. As of right now,
Buu could annihilate
every person on Earth,
including us here
in the Lookout, without anyone
being able to stop him.
It'll be okay.
I'm confident he won't
destroy the earth,
at least not just yet.
I told Buu to wait
two days because
someone strong enough
was coming along to fight him
and he seemed
excited by the idea.
I think we'll be fine up here
in the Lookout for now.
But countless people
are still gonna suffer.
They'll be fine. The Dragon
Balls can bring them back
once we defeat Buu.
So what this boils down to
is we have two days
to teach
Trunks and Goten Fusion
and then get them
into the fight down there.
[GOTEN]
Mm?
But I'll have to teach them
even faster than that.
I've used up most of
my time in this world.
I've got less than an hour.
--What! Only an hour?
--[PICCOLO] Hold on.
You have to have
more time left than that.
You told us you had a full day!
So we have less than an hour
to master Fusion. This sucks.
To help Trunks get the Radar,
I had to go Super Saiyan Three.
And until now, I'd only tried
that technique in Otherworld.
Using it in this reality
where time exists
causes it to burn through
my power quickly.
In short, I've got
nothing left in the tank.
[KRILLIN] Oh, wow.
That explains why you seem
so winded and tired.
Wait, if the problem
is a lack of energy,
can't Dende use his powers
to restore your strength?
No go. Sorry.
Going to Otherworld to recharge
is the only way to help me.
[BABA] That's right. But your
remaining time is actually
less than 30 minutes.
If I were you,
I'd be packing my bags
and saying my goodbyes.
Come on, Baba,
it can't be 30 minutes.
[gasps] I burned through
more time than I thought.
[BABA]
Now its 28 minutes.
[grunts] Where are you,
Trunks? Get back here.
[GOHAN grunts]
[groans]
[GOHAN]
Oh, no! No-no-no-no.
Take it slower, Gohan.
Be careful.
[GOHAN]
I can't hold it! Argh!
It's unbelievable.
No Supreme Kai
has been able to handle
the Z Sword properly
for centuries
and here comes Gohan, mastering
it after a couple of hours!
You shouldn't have doubted me
when I said he was the one.
And knowing his heart, I like
his chances versus Buu.
[GOHAN grunts]
[panting]
You're doing great, Gohan,
but it sounds like
you could use a break.
In fact, you're already ahead of
where I thought you'd be by now.
No! There's no time for a break!
[BOTH gasp]
[GOHAN] When Dad went to
Otherworld, he kept training
harder than
he ever did on Earth.
I have to do the same.
I can't ever catch up to him,
but I owe it to the world
to at least try.
After all, Majin Buu
is still out there.
[GOTEN, KRILLIN grunting]
Hey, Goku, before you
leave there's a question
I've been meaning to ask you.
Sure. What is it?
Earlier, you were
Super Saiyan Three.
I suspect that
had you gone all out,
you could have defeated
Majin Buu right then and there
on your own.
Am I wrong about that?
Well, it's possible. But with
Buu's strength and powers,
it's hard to say
one way or the other.
Heh. I think me beating him
wasn't in the cards.
"Think"? You always
know what you're capable of.
In this battle, you just
didn't see it through.
Were you concerned because
your energy levels were low?
No.
[PICCOLO]
Hm?
I'm someone who's
not even supposed to
be in this world anymore.
Buu's not my battle to win.
We have to teach
this next generation
to beat Buu on their own.
Because you know once he's gone,
there's always gonna be
some other destructive power
determined to
take over the world.
Sure, Fusion's a gamble,
but after seeing how strong
Goten and Trunks have become,
I believe my faith
in them is justified.
[PICCOLO] But you're
putting the earth's fate
entirely in the hands
of children.
[GOKU] Yeah, well, it won't be
the first time, will it?
Your confidence never fails
to impress me, Goku.
[GOKU]
Hmph!
I'm sorry about
Gohan by the way.
When you get back
to Otherworld,
please tell him
how proud I am of him.
Sure thing. If I know my son,
what he'll regret most
about losing to Buu
is not being able
to see you anymore.
You know, Gohan always
looked up to you.
Thought the world of you.
[TRUNKS sighs]
Hey, guys! Trunks is back
from getting the Radar!
I'm so proud of you, Trunks.
I knew you'd do it.
Yeah! I did it!
I present to you
the Dragon Radar:
safe and in one piece!
Awesome!
All right!
Now that we've got this,
we can finally track down
the Dragon Balls
and wish things back
to how they were before.
I never realized
how strong you were, Goku!
You might be even
stronger than my dad!
Thanks, but I'm not so sure.
Your dad was more than
a match for anyone.
I'm sorry we called you weak.
We were just upset
you were knocked out
while Buu whooped us.
[GOKU]
Huh? You called me weak?
[GOTEN, GOKU, TRUNKS laughing]
[GOKU]
All right, boys.
We gotta jump right back
into your Fusion training.
[GOTEN, TRUNKS]
'Kay!
[GOKU] I've only got
a few minutes left
before I go back to Otherworld.
So you need to really
buckle down and finish
your training strong,
otherwise Earth
is toast! Got it?
[BOTH]
Yes sir, sensei!
Wow, when did they
get so obedient?
I think your Super Saiyan Three
technique earned you
a new level of respect.
Let's begin!
Match your energy levels like
you were doing before I left.
[GOTEN, TRUNKS]
Yes, sir!
Buu!
Target Acquired!
Majin Buu at three K meters
above Section S-X-Four-Niner!
South-by-southwest bearing at
moderate rate of speed.
Ah!
[chuckles]
--He's coming at us!
--[PILOT 37B yells]
Flying humans! Yay!
Buu wants to play with you!
Situation stable.
I think we lost him.
[yells]
[BUU]
Mmmwah!
[BUU laughs]
Hey! That tickles Buu!
Buu!
--[PILOT 37A] Help!
--[PILOT 37B screams]
[BUU chuckles, hollers]
Buu thought
that would be more fun.
[TRUNKS, GOTEN yell]
Wow! I can't believe it!
I never thought
in a million years I'd see
boys this young
raise their energy so high!
[TRUNKS, GOTEN continue yelling]
Trunks, you're doing awesome!
Nice. But after I'm gone,
I want you to practice
matching energy levels
so often that it becomes
as easy as breathing.
How you feeling, Goku?
I'm worried you're
running your tank too low.
I'm good, I'm good.
I got enough strength left
to work with the boys
for another few
minutes here, at least.
[PICCOLO] I don't think I've
ever seen Goku so exhausted.
Going Super Saiyan Three
on Earth depleted his energy
in ways no other villain has.
All right. Listen up.
You're doing well so far,
but now I'm going to teach you
the single hardest part about
successfully doing Fusion.
[GOTEN, TRUNKS]
Ready!
After you've matched
your energy levels,
then you both need to perform a
special pose at the same time
exactly the same way.
Only then will you fuse.
Now watch.
I'll demonstrate the pose
and you guys try
to memorize it, okay?
[GOTEN, TRUNKS]
Got it!
First, step three paces
back from each other
so your arms can swing
free and clear.
Then, put your arms out,
same direction,
parallel to the ground.
Fuuu...
Swing your arms
in the opposite direction,
while moving back toward
each other three paces
so you're standing
really close again.
...sion! Make fists
and pay close attention
to your leg angles. Ha!
Then, touch your index fingers
and bend like I'm doing.
But remember to keep this angle
going with your legs.
The key is stretching
your outside leg.
Is he joking?
This looks so weird.
Now. I want you two
to try it before I leave!
[BOTH]
'Kay!
It's not that hard.
Just re-create that pose
I showed you, but make it
perfectly symmetrical
with each other.
C'mon. Clock's ticking.
[BOTH]
Uh...
Hm? What's wrong?
[TRUNKS]
Uh...
What does "symmetrical"
mean? Sir?
Huh? Well, it's, uh--It's like--
It's hard to define, actually.
Hmmm.
Ah! I know,
Piccolo and I will do it
and you can copy us!
--What?
--[chuckles]
Wait, why me?
[GOKU] Ready, Piccolo?
Watch closely, kids.
The key is moving
as exact opposites,
like you're watching yourself
reflected in a mirror.
Fuu...
...sion!
Ha!
[KRILLIN]
Uh, what the heck is this?
This isn't training.
It's more like they're dancing.
Well, maybe if they
go at Majin Buu like this
he could laugh himself to death.
[ROSHI]
Hmmm...
All right! Trunks, Goten,
let's see some Fusion!
[GOTEN, TRUNKS]
Right!
Goku. Earlier, you said
you regretted never having
the chance to try out
the Fusion move with Vegeta.
But even if he were
alive and well,
knowing his personality there's
no way he'd agree to this.
What? You think? Why not?
Mm. Uh... Never mind.
--[GOKU] Hmmm.
--[TRUNKS] Goku!
--[GOKU] Mhmmm! That's right.
--[TRUNKS] Eh?
Hey, Goten,
the angle of your arms
is a little too low, buddy.
Raise them a bit higher
like Trunks'.
Now, take three steps sideways.
[BOTH]
Fu...sion!
[GOTEN]
Oops!
[BOTH]
Ha!
[TRUNKS]
Hey, what are you doing?
[GOTEN]
You were way too fast.
Aw, boy.
[GOKU claps]
All right, all right!
Enough bickering. Let's do
it again. From the top!
[GOTEN, TRUNKS]
Right!
[BUU chuckles]
[explosion]
[BUU laughs]
[NARRATOR] Babidi is gone,
leaving the childlike monster
to continue his rampage
on impulse alone!
And with mere minutes left
before he must
return to Otherworld,
Goku struggles to pass down
the potentially Earth-saving
secret of Fusion
to Goten and Trunks. The stakes
have never been higher!
The margin never tighter!
The world never closer
to total destruction!
Next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey, guys! It's me, Goku!
Well, I used all
the energy I had left
going Super Saiyan Three.
So it's all up to Trunks and
Goten to defeat Majin Buu!
Practice Fusion
as hard as you can, boys!
[BABA]
Goku, your time's up here.
You have to go back
to Otherworld.
[GOKU] Next time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
"Bye-Bye, Everyone! Goku Returns
to the Next World!"
[GOHAN] With my dad gone,
we're all gonna
have to work twice as hard.